>> Will Sentance: Solution 4,
our last solution.
We're writing our shared methods
separately from our object
constructor itself,
off in the User.prototype.increment.login.
Other languages let us do this all in one
place, and people like Griffin go, what?
[SOUND] I wanna do it all in one place.
Even though I hope it's clear,
Griffin, that these functions,
they're not attached to this object.
They're just being given
a reference to them in this.
They're attached to
userCreator in global memory.
I could go console log,
userCreator.prototype.increment and
I'd see that function.
It's there in global memory.
It is never on user1.
Prototype is on the constructor function,
and
I just happened to get a bond to those
shared functions on each of these objects,
a reference to those shared
functions on each of these objects.
So why are you complaining?
Well, you're not the only one.
Others complain, too.
So year 2015 gave us
the class 'syntactic sugar'.
It does not change anything about what
we did here, but it looks like Python.
It is not like Python under the hood,
let's be really clear.
This is why I find this getting
increasingly separate from the reality of
how JavaScript's actually
working is somewhat problematic.
Under the hood nothing's changed here,
but now the function that we,
well, here we go, look at that,
how helpful is that?
The function that we previously called,
so let's just remind ourselves,
user is what we were calling userCreator.
Typically people don't call them creator,
even though they are creating users they
just say the name of the thing they're
gonna create, everyone clear on that?
So they just call it user.
So why put an uppercase letter for
the first letter?
Well it's because what I think is
a flaw of the whole design of this,
is that that userCreator
function up there,
if I called it without the new keyword,
is it gonna work?
If I ran that function at
the top without a new keyword,
it's not gonna create
an empty object called this.
So what am I sticking my this.name into?
Actually by the way, the this,
there, will default to what?
The global object, which is just
an object available in all of JavaScript,
which definitely is not
what we wanted to point to.
So, the problem with that function is,
if we don't tell our other developers in
the team that it's the kind of function
that needs a new keyword in front of it,
they're going to try and run it and
go, man, why is that not working?
So instead, JavaScript developers
literally had to go, fine.
We've got to come up with a way of making,
fixing JavaScript ourselves.
And the one they use is any function like
this that needs to be run with a new
keyword, we uppercase the first letter.
So we wouldn't actually
call this userCreator.
If we were to call it creator at all,
it would be UserCreator upper case U.
Most of the time we just get rid of
the Creator bit and call it User.
That it's gonna create users.
So with that in mind,
we get a last solution here where,
there's our solution 3 and 4.
A function called User that when run,
it's just userCreator,
when run with Eva and nine returns out,
inside of it creates this as
an empty object and a bond to user.
Let's actually switch these up now.
So, no longer userCreator,
we're now going to call it,
instead we're going to call it just User.
It's the same,
nothing's changed, just User.
There it is.
Okay, so User has two parts to it, right?
Its functionality that gets
run that creates an object,
and its object self which has this
prototype property which has an object on
it with a bunch of functions stored on it.
Okay, it has two parts.
At the moment, in solution 3,
we fill those parts out separately.
We fill the function out at the top
by saying this is a function.
And we fill out its associated methods,
these guys here.
They're gonna be available on the objects
that get returned out of running User.
We fill these functions up by going very
specifically, very precise, very explicit.
User.prototype.increment as a function.
User.prototype.login as a function.
It's very explicit,
we say exactly what we do.
Apparently, this is not what we want,
why, I like this.
Instead we have a new solution 4
that says exactly the same thing.
These are absolutely identical.
There are ways in which
this new syntax class
actually changes stuff under the hood.
But for this, we don't need to
think of there being any ways.
It's achieving the same thing.
So instead, let's try it out.